[chorus vocalizing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[helicopter blades whirring]
[♪ intriguing music playing]
[siren wails]
- [car honks]
- [bicycle pedal creaks]
[indistinct conversation]
- Lawyers are a Kitchen classic.
- [Karen] Yeah.
Hey. I like to think that
I... We have evolved.
- You know. uh. Becky's Diner on 8th?
- Love that place.
- Closed.
- [groans]
They're turning it
into a SoulCycle.
You're evil for even
telling me that!
[sizzles]
- Dark times. Dark times. indeed.
- [chuckles]
These Hell's Kitchen nostalgia is
running pretty thin with you guys.
- You realize that. right?
- [laughs]
Not nostalgia. Reverence
for the past...
- [scoffs]
- ...yet hope for the future.
Oh. that is some next level
closing argument BS right there.
Too much?
Nostalgia or not. it's hard
to believe Cherry's retiring.
So many retiring. leaving.
I mean. it's 30% of the
force in the last two years.
Are those numbers legit?
Uh. my numbers are
always legit. [sighs]
Well. I wouldn't argue with her.
Still. the city finds other
ways to protect itself.
[indistinct conversation]
[Karen] Well. we could
just get out of here.
- [Matt] You and me?
- Yeah.
Sounds nice. Although. I think that's a
distinct violation of the friends code.
[clicks tongue] Ah. the friends code. I
keep forgetting about the friends code.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Karen clicks tongue]
- "No one's above the law."
- Nope.
- [chuckles]
- Certainly not you. Miss Page.
Tell me you're gonna
do something soulful
- like walk the earth. having adventures.
- [sighs]
Well. I'm thinkin' about
restoring a farmhouse upstate.
Or that.
So. shoot me straight. why
the hell are you quitting?
Hey. excuse me. It's
called retirement.
Uh. it's quitting
and you know it.
I hear you were at
a real firm once.
- I was.
- Mm-hmm.
Hogarth. Chao & Benowitz.
It's on my list for
when I leave the DA's.
Ambition. I like that.
Then why are you
in a storefront?
[chuckling] Jesus.
- Remind me never to face you in cross.
- [chuckles]
Question stands.
I'm... in a storefront
because it's... real.
And I happen to like most
of the people I represent.
All that experience. you're
taking it off the street.
You're gonna miss this shit.
Am I? Daredevil. White Tiger.
- They're the future. We're obsolete.
- [Angie] Oh.
Spare me the dinosaur's lament.
We're the thin blue
line. not them.
We get sued and
they get cheered.
Way I see it. the
vigilantes are just like us.
Some are stand-up human
beings worthy of the gig.
others are just
power-tripping assholes.
You might have a point
there. Detective Kim.
- Next round on me. Josie!
- [Angie] Oh.
Keep your cash. Tonight
you're crime. You don't pay.
To Cherry!
May you be in heaven
a full half hour
- 'fore the devil knows you're dead!
- [all cheering]
What about Dumb Benny?
Oh. God. You heard
about that. huh?
Everyone has heard about that.
The guy rips off a
bonded warehouse.
gets caught on surveillance. and
then he tells the cops he found...
20 cases of Lafite
Rothschild on the subway?
Benny is a unique individual.
- Benny is an idiot.
- [chuckles]
He's gonna walk. you know?
Well. you sound confident.
What's your game plan?
I'll keep my strategy to
myself. Thank you very much.
Mm-hmm.
Fifty bucks says I
can worm it out of you
- before that. eventually.
- [sighs]
- Not a chance.
- [chuckles]
You know. Josie keeps a bottle of
20-year-old O'Melveny's behind the bar.
- Really?
- Really.
- [Kirsten] Cheers.
- Cheers.
Oh. my God. he did it.
What? Foggy?
- [Karen] Yes.
- No!
- [Karen laughs]
- [gasps]
He does not have the game
for Kirsten McDuffie.
- Hey. How dare you?
- [scoffs]
Don't underestimate our Foggy.
I'm not underestimating her.
- You get soft in public service.
- Oh?
I have learned ninja moves
at my time at N. M. and P.
- Oh. boy.
- [Karen] What?
No. He's calling the
firm N. M. and P.
- No! Foggy!
- [laughs]
Oh! [chuckling]
Should we rescue him?
Rescue him? Hell no. I
just wish we had popcorn.
[phone vibrating]
I'm sorry.
[woman] Okay. Sunglasses Hut.
What do you think
about some new glasses?
- [chuckles]
- What? I think they're a little...
- What's wrong with these bad boys?
- I just think they're a little dated.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I...
- [indistinct chatter]
- [Foggy] What are you talkin' about?
- What?
- [man laughs]
Benny. Benny. Benny.
Benny. slow down.
I can't understand a... What?
Just... No. Just stay there.
I'm literally around the corner.
I'll be there in five minutes.
[Benny over phone] You're
not listening. man.
- There's someone downstairs.
- [sighs]
Benny...
Hold on. something's wrong.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[fly buzzing]
- [clinks]
- [fly stops buzzing]
- [door opens]
- [Benny] They're comin' for me.
[Foggy] Calm down.
Just calm down.
- [Benny] Fuck calm. man!
- [Matt] Foggy. what's goin' on?
[Foggy] Yeah.
it's... it's Benny.
After that thing in Red Hook.
he said he was getting
threats. so I stashed him.
[Matt] You stashed
him? [chuckles]
How exactly are you
stashing people?
He's at my apartment.
It's just down the street.
[Benny] Seriously.
Foggy. I hear them.
It's a secure building.
Benny. You're safe.
Guy's paranoid.
He's probably high.
He doesn't sound high. Wh-Why didn't
you tell me about the threats?
[sighs] I just thought
it was Benny being Benny.
- [objects crashing over phone]
- [Benny] No! No. no! [groans]
[Matt] All right. stay here.
Matt...
Just stay here.
Keep calling him.
Look. I'm sorry. I... Maybe I
didn't wanna give you an excuse.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
- [Daredevil yells]
- [phone ringing]
[Foggy over phone] Benny!
What's going on? Are you okay?
[Benny] Foggy. he wanted
to know where you were.
- [metallic clicking]
- [Benny] I'm sorry.
- [lens clicks]
- [Foggy] What? Who?
- [line disconnects]
- [♪ ominous music playing]
[gun clicks]
[Foggy] Come on.
Benny. Come on. Benny!
Come on. Benny.
Benny? Benny?
I don't know what
he's talkin' about.
- He said someone's looking for...
- [gasps]
- [thuds]
- Foggy! [pants]
- [gun firing]
- [Karen screams]
[♪ ominous music continues]
[crowd clamoring]
[Bullseye] Hello. Karen.
- [people screaming]
- [alarm blaring]
[Daredevil] Get down.
[both grunting]
[women scream]
[yells]
[Karen] They're gonna be right
here. He's gonna be here any minute.
[breathing heavily. coughing]
[Cherry] Let's go.
let's go. let's go!
[Karen] Keep your
eyes open. Foggy.
- Just keep your eyes on me. okay?
- [Foggy wheezing]
- We're gonna get you help.
- [Cherry] You all right?
[Karen] You just have to stay
awake. No. no. no. come on.
[Cherry] I've got an active shooter.
Active shooter at Josie's Bar.
- Active shooter at Josie's Bar.
- [Karen whimpers]
No. no. Please. Foggy. look
at me! Look at me! Please.
- [coughing]
- You. you. Yo. Let's go. let's go.
[coughs] Come on.
Let's get outta here.
[Angie] Get out.
This way. Go. go. go!
[both grunting]
[Foggy wheezing]
[woman] Are you okay?
[man 1] Let's stay. Right
here. Shit! What do we do?
[man 2] Stay down.
- [Bullseye grunting]
- [people exclaim]
[Karen] No. come on! Come on. Foggy.
They're gonna be here any minute. okay?
You just have to stay
awake until the...
[grunting]
- [Bullseye grunts]
- [woman groans]
[Bullseye pants]
[Bullseye] Shit!
- [Daredevil] Help. Cherry!
- [Bullseye groans]
[Daredevil] Let's get
these people outta here!
[Bullseye breathing heavily]
[man] Yo. babe. you
better call the cops!
There's somethin'
goin' on downsta...
[woman] Oh. my God!
[crying] Come on! Please!
- [cries] Oh. my God!
- [thuds]
[Bullseye panting]
[Daredevil grunts]
[electricity crackling]
- [Daredevil panting]
- [Bullseye yells]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[both panting]
[Karen] They're gonna be
right here any minute. okay?
- You just have to...
- [Daredevil groans]
[Bullseye panting]
[breathing heavily]
[cable whooshing]
[grunts]
- [Daredevil yells]
- [grunts]
[screaming]
[Bullseye grunting]
- [grunts]
- [groaning]
[both yell]
[Cherry] There!
There! On the roof!
[Karen crying] Foggy. no. come
on. Foggy. Come on. Please.
[Cherry] Get out of the way! Get out of
the way! Come on. get out of the way.
[both panting. grunting]
- [Karen] Foggy. come on. Come on. Please.
- [Foggy gasping]
Foggy. no. no. look at me.
- Keep your eyes on me.
- [yells]
- [shuddering breaths]
- [Karen] Foggy. it's okay. It's okay.
You stay with me.
Foggy. come on.
- [gasping]
- No. no. Come on. Come on. Oh. my God.
[crying] No. no. no.
[Karen] Jesus Christ!
Foggy. no. come on. Come
on. Foggy. Please. Foggy!
- Foggy!
- [yells]
- [cries]
- [grunts]
[panting]
Why? Why?
[crying]
[chuckles]
[siren wailing]
[gasping]
- [train horn blares]
- [grunts]
- [thuds]
- [all exclaiming]
[gasps]
Oh. my God. Please.
God. [crying]
I can't... I can't... Foggy I...
- God! I can't... I can't... I can't...
- [♪ melancholic music playing]
Please. God. Please. Please.
[gasping]
[crying]
[Matt panting]
Matt?
[breathing heavily]
[coughs]
[siren continues wailing]
[♪ theme music playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[sirens wailing]
[♪ Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds
"Into My Arms" playing]
♪ I don't believe in an
interventionist God ♪
♪ But I know.
darling. that you do ♪
[tap running]
[tap closes]
♪ But if I did. I
would kneel down... ♪
The recall election is heating up with
a field of no less than 15 candidates.
including two former city council
members and a stand-up comedian.
When asked for comment.
the governor said simply.
"The system is broken."
If your transportation
around the city is a bicycle.
you could be eligible for a massive
tax rebate this upcoming April.
The measure goes before the
city council this month.
If you've seen new street art
around the city. you're not alone.
The colorful and provocative
murals have been popping up
all around the city
almost overni...
[wind blowing]
[clangs]
[chorus vocalizing]
[♪ sinister music playing]
[man 1] You cross
39th. you pay a toll.
- What. are you a bridge now?
- [man 1] Whatever. Toll. tariff. tax.
you cross Sunset
Park. you gotta pay.
Not headin' to Red Hook.
- Red Hook's exempt.
- [man 1] Since when?
Since before you started
wearing that stupid tracksuit.
[chuckles]
What'd you say?
- [gun clicks]
- Easy. big man.
[woman] Come on.
[chuckling] Stop
it. both of you.
Don't be little boys
squabbling over pennies.
when you're set
to earn millions.
Red Hook is exempt from any
taxes. tolls or other payments.
You know that. Luca.
[Luca] Yes. Ms. Fisk.
And take a breath and calm down.
[sighs] And. Viktor. there's
no reason to be rude.
not at this table nor to
anyone who sits at it.
Understood.
The collective return on this
month's investment is $7.73 million.
That will be distributed to you today
through the customary wire transfers.
10% of your organization operating
profit is due by midnight tonight.
I would prefer wire. but
if you must pay cash.
arrangements can be made.
[footsteps approaching]
Vanessa.
[♪ tense music playing]
[shutter closes]
You left the bed I sat beside
for months while you recovered.
And for what?
And now you walk in here and end a
meeting with the Five Families by...
simply standing in the doorway.
You've kept them in
line. They respect you.
They respect the
money I make them.
Protection makes people scared.
Profit makes them loyal.
Loyal. yeah. Right.
How long are you back for?
As long as you'll
have me. Vanessa.
I was broken.
[inhales] Shattered.
You know. for
months. I had to...
put myself back together.
And as I did. two things shone
bright and clear inside me.
Beacons of who I was
and who we could be.
The first was...
my undying love for you.
And the second?
What we could do for this city.
And I would have to step away.
and anything I was involved with
could never be perceived as illegal.
When you were gone.
I made this business
bulletproof.
Yes. Good.
That's right.
There can be no gray area.
I've been informed that I
have the 25.000 signatures.
It's time.
[woman] Two.
[BB] Sir. excuse me.
Do you have a mo...
Hi. excuse me.
- Hi. I'm BB Urich.
- Hi.
[BB] Can I ask you some questions about
the state of crime here in New York?
Sure. go ahead.
[BB] Do you feel
safe on the streets?
Daredevil's been gone
for a really long time.
[man] Crime is just so
out of line over here.
You can't even go
out with your family.
You gotta worry
about gettin' mugged.
And we need him back.
[drink pouring]
- [doorknob rattling]
- [door opens]
Holy cow. you beat me in.
- [Kirsten] Yeah. and I made coffee.
- Oh!
I just wanted to catch you alone.
See how you are before tomorrow.
Thank you. Yeah. I'm fine.
Which is what people
who aren't always say.
[chuckles]
- No. really. I'm... I'm all right.
- All right.
Your statement at sentencing.
it's the kinda thing that can
bring up a lot of anger and pain.
- It can go sideways pretty fast.
- I know. I know.
Have you heard from her?
I have not. no.
Well. when the time is right...
I know what you're trying to do.
and I appreciate it. Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
[♪ solemn music playing]
As you know. I've stood
in this court many times.
[breathes deeply]
Delivered summations.
called witnesses.
and defended the innocent
to the best of my ability.
Though as I sit here. on
the other side of the court.
it occurs to me that justice
will not be served today.
It won't be served because
whatever sentence is passed.
Foggy Nelson. only his
mother called him Franklin.
will still be dead.
It won't be served because...
[footsteps approaching]
[door opens]
[heart thumping]
[shrill ringing]
[ringing fades]
Apologies. Your Honor.
[breathes deeply]
[sighs] It won't be served because
I don't get to see him again.
[chuckles softly] We don't
get to see Foggy again today.
Or tomorrow. Or ever. [chuckles]
Because my friend is dead.
Killed on the whim of a
violent and disturbed man.
A self-styled assassin
with a grudge.
out to murder his
perceived enemies.
But. in the absence of justice.
the court can punish this man.
And I urge you to do so. to the
fullest extent the law allows.
'Cause that punishment.
that is the closest any of
us will ever get to justice.
Thank you. Your Honor.
[judge] Thank you. Mr. Murdock.
Mr. Poindexter.
if you would like to respond. I
will allow that before sentencing.
I have nothing to
say. Your Honor.
[judge] Your response
does not surprise me.
You showed no mercy that
night in Hell's Kitchen
and have shown no remorse since.
So this court feels
compelled to respond in kind.
Benjamin Leonard Poindexter.
you have been convicted of 11 counts
of murder in the first degree.
In accordance with the
laws of New York State.
you are hereby sentenced to life in
prison without the possibility of parole.
for each count. to be
served consecutively.
[gavel bangs]
I thought about just slippin'
out. but I figured...
[Matt sighs]
not today. [sighs]
How are you?
Good.
San Francisco's nice.
It's. um. different from New
York. but not too different.
[clicks tongue] Look. can
we... can we go somewhere?
Maybe grab a cup of
coffee or something?
[sighs] I don't think so. Matt.
I don't really wanna... do that.
Ah. [scoffs]
You know. it's funny.
I... I know you're lying.
I'm just not sure who
to. me or yourself.
You tell me. Karen. what do
you expect me to do here?
What do I need to have
a conversation with you?
- I've tried calling. I've left messages...
- No. I know. you're right.
- So what do you want?
- [stuttering] I just was busy...
- Oh. don't give me "busy." I can...
- [scoffs] My friend died too. Matt.
And then I lost you. You
didn't talk to me for weeks.
- I was halfway in and then halfway out.
- It takes a minute. Karen.
- what do you expect from me?
- Okay. okay! I don't wanna to do this.
I came for Foggy and... and I...
[breathes deeply] I came to
say that I am sorry it ended.
and I'm sorry that
I didn't call.
But I'm really glad that
you're doing so well.
[chuckles. sniffles]
[chuckles] What?
Great. thanks.
[sighs]
I refuse to believe that a
tragedy had to destroy everything.
But it did.
What're you gonna
do about Daredevil?
I made a promise to myself that
I'd let the system handle it.
All of it.
Besides. I'm not him anymore.
And I won't let myself be.
And you think that
that will help?
I don't know.
Doesn't make it worse.
No. Karen. please don't. please don't...
Can you just wait for five minutes?
[Karen] I found this at Josie's.
I thought you might want it.
Take care of yourself. Matt.
[sighs]
[knife chopping]
[♪ The Magnetic Fields "I Looked
All Over Town" playing over radio]
[pan sizzling]
[muffled voice over TV]
Good evening. New York.
My name is Wilson Fisk.
- [pan sizzling]
- [song continues playing]
[song stops]
[Fisk] But I have seen it decline
into chaos and lawlessness.
Vigilantes. they run rampant.
Good cops are afraid.
Bad cops. well. they
just don't care.
The city. the streets...
It's no longer safe
for decent people.
Tonight. I'm making a commitment
to fix the system. to fix our city.
Tonight. I'm declaring my
candidacy for Mayor of New York.
[♪ sinister music playing]
[sizzling continues]
[smoke alarm beeping]
You're still behind Roger Cressna and
Diana Montoya. but that's expected.
We need to refine your
message points for the debate.
[Fisk] My message is very clear.
If your polls are
as good as you say.
then neither Mr. Fisk nor his
candidacy needs... refining.
Sir. I've been doing
this a long time.
And I understand that
some of your ideas
and staff are refreshingly
unconventional.
but we are a dark horse
in this race and...
Uh... I'm sorry. Sorry.
He... He's right.
Look. I've been watching the socials.
and everyone is talkin' about you.
You're even in The BB Report.
and you're blowin' up. sir.
I mean. lotta engagement. lotta depth.
lotta spread. people sharin' memes.
I mean. "Fisk can fix
it" is trending hard.
We should not change a thing.
I just wanna say that I am so
stoked to put you over the top.
If we could get back
to the agenda...
What's your name. son?
Daniel. Daniel Blake.
Daniel.
I'm impressed with
your enthusiasm.
Tell me. you're a young person
living in the city here.
Why would you vote for me?
Straight up? 'Cause
you get shit done.
You made things
happen for yourself.
now you'll make things
happen for New York.
And. I mean...
[chuckling] Mayor Fisk?
That's the coolest fuckin'
thing on the planet.
Where did you find him. Sheila?
He canvassed 2.000 signatures
for us. And he was cheap. sir.
Yeah.
- Sorry.
- [Sheila] Mm.
So stoked.
[Kirsten] You busy?
No. no. I was just goin'
over the Madison charges.
Oh.
You know. your boy might
actually be a moron.
[chuckles] He's not my
boy. and Madison is rich.
- so we call him a "savant."
- [chuckles]
Hey. remember. you've got that
client meeting this afternoon?
I'd do it myself. but
I've got this deposition.
Oh. yeah. right. Uh. remind me.
Heather Glenn.
Doctor in Tribeca.
- Right. Malpractice?
- Um...
We didn't get that far. Can you just
meet her. see if we're the right fit?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. sure.
- Great. 3:30. Uh. Manhattanville Coffee.
[man 1] Our friends are assholes. So.
yeah. there's something about Fisk.
I mean. I haven't voted for
mayor in. like. forever.
[woman 1 scoffs] Please. me either.
So are you gonna watch tonight?
[man 1] Hell yeah. I'm watchin' the
debate. At least Fisk is interesting.
[woman 2] Fisk will
shake things up.
[man 2] Why would anyone
vote for Fisk? He's a crook!
[man speaking
Spanish over radio]
- [man 3 in English] Not on your life.
- [man 4] We're going to clear the street.
[man 5] Fisk ain't
afraid of nobody.
- Uh. Matt Murdock?
- Dr. Glenn? Hi. nice to meet you.
Um... Uh. Kirsten's sorry she couldn't
make it. but you're in good hands with me.
I don't usually meet in
coffee shops like this.
- but. uh. anything for Kirsten.
- Right. [chuckles]
I'm glad she connected
us. We go way back.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah.
I used to consult
on some of her cases
when she was at the
District Attorney's office.
Oh. She didn't mention it.
Uh... Yeah. I faced off
against her a few times myself.
I guess you could say we went from
adversaries to partners. [chuckles]
Um... So. look. why don't
I jump right in and ask
what are you looking for
in legal representation?
Excuse me?
What are you hoping Murdock
and McDuffie can do for you?
Um... [stutters] I'm
a little confused.
I was just about to ask you what
you're looking to get out of therapy.
- What?
- Kirsten said that you were...
looking for a therapist.
[chuckles] Ah. Yeah. she told
me you're looking for a lawyer.
Kirsten.
Wow. I can't believe
she did that.
- It is kind of funny.
- What a waste of time.
Uh. hey. she did
it to both of us.
I'm... That's what I mean. I'm
saying... It's annoying. yeah.
Yeah. it is very annoying.
Uh. so do you want me to get
you a to-go cup for your coffee?
[stuttering] No. that's fine.
I didn't mean to be rude. I'm just
not sure what she was thinking.
Yeah. she knows I
don't date lawyers.
Oh. Really?
Yeah. your hours suck
and you argue everything.
Okay. That's kind of a
sweeping generalization. but...
- See what I mean?
- [laughs]
All right. Please. Heather...
[stutters] Forgive me.
Please sit. I apologize.
I've had a hell of a week. I
am gonna kill Kirsten. though.
Oh. please do. For both of us.
So. you're from Queens. huh?
How did you know?
Uh. your accent's still there.
[clicks tongue] Like hell it is.
It's there. You've worked to
shorten the A's and the O's
but you can still
hear the effort.
It's slight. but it's there. Don't
feel bad. uh. it's a blind thing.
[chuckles] That's... Wow.
- So where're you from?
- 37th and 8th.
- Hell's Kitchen. Tough guy?
- Mm-hmm. [chuckles]
Not at all.
You been to the Kitchen lately?
Now. Queens. that's rough.
[laughs] Um. you been
to Queens lately?
[chuckles] Yeah. only for
Sal. Kris & Charlie's.
The lawyer from the Kitchen's
got good taste in sandwiches.
Mm-mm.
- Where did you go to high school?
- Xavier.
[continues indistinctly]
[♪ serene music playing]
Oh. Hey.
So?
That's not funny.
That is inappropriate. it's unethical.
and it's kinda creepy. if I'm honest.
And how did it go?
- [chuckles] You're an insane person.
- No. I'm your friend.
And you need a little something-something.
if you know what I mean. And so does she.
No. I don't know what you
mean. And it was a disaster.
- You liar!
- I'm not lying.
I swear to God. I can
read a vibe with people.
- No. you can't.
- When're you seeing her again?
I'm not having this
conversation with you.
Hey! Matt. in all seriousness.
you need this. It's time.
- I... What...
- Don't mess this up.
- I don't have time for this.
- Cherry's here. in the conference room.
- Are you gonna tell me...
- Right now?
Yeah. You wanna tell me why
you invited your hatchet man?
He's not my hatchet...
He's my investigator.
- [scoffs] Whatever.
- I'm just doing some due diligence.
Stay out of my private life.
That's never gonna happen.
All right. you can
text me her number.
Just so I can apologize
- for your inappropriate behavior.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
- [Kirsten chuckles]
- Hey. Thanks for coming.
- [Cherry] Hey.
Yeah. I'd have done it even
if you hadn't asked me.
Talked to a lotta people.
Half the cops hate Fisk's
guts. the other half would...
dive off the Chrysler
Building for him.
- What about the campaign?
- Completely buttoned up.
Every dollar accounted for. every
income source. absolutely clean.
He came in late. and he came in with
a lotta cash and it's workin' for him.
They say his wife
is some kinda...
[sighs] ...investment sorceress.
[laughs]
Uh. if I didn't know
better. know him better.
I'd say he sounds sincere.
Like maybe he wants to actually
do something for the city.
Look who you're talkin' about.
The man crushes every...
I... I know! You think
I don't know? I know.
[sighs]
Well. if this city
actually elects him. then.
maybe New York's getting
the mayor it deserves.
You ask me. that's pretty
goddamn cynical. Matt.
Hmm.
Or maybe I'm just wisin' up.
So. you want me to
go on with this?
No. let it go. It's not our job.
I mean. you could...
No. let it go.
Hey. thanks.
[man] Marker.
[BB] Hi. excuse me. ma'am.
I'm with The BB Report.
- Would you vote for Wilson Fisk?
- He's an animal.
And that sort of person brings out
the worst in other people as well.
Politicians. criminals...
They're all the same breed. man.
Why're we even talking about this?
He supposedly crushed a guy's head.
It's a good rumor. "crushed his head."
I mean. I'd actually like to see that.
[Fisk] It was almost
a year ago now
when those cops in that bar
were murdered by a vigilante.
I. myself. have endured
vigilante violence.
And I can assure you there's
nothing nuanced about getting shot.
I have to say. I absolutely
agree with Mr. Fisk here.
Ah. well. you're posing.
Cressna. [scoffs]
You propose registering
the vigilantes.
That's like making a
grocery list of cancers.
I propose treatment.
[all clamoring]
- All right. step back. Back it up.
- Hello.
- Back it up. Back it up. Back it up.
- Good afternoon.
- Thank you. Thank you very much.
- Step back. sir.
It's okay. Buck.
Well... [sighs] It's been
some time. hasn't it?
It has.
I was wondering if we
could have a little chat.
Yeah. I'd be delighted.
Thank you.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Matt] I appreciate
you finding this time.
Your. uh. step is lighter.
You've lost some
weight. Gained muscle.
Um...
I'm not gonna spar
with you. Murdock.
No. no. I wasn't asking you to.
Well. I'll admit. it's not...
entirely unpleasant
to see you again.
- [laughs]
- [chuckles]
- It's been a long time.
- Hmm.
Life has happened.
You have children?
No. You?
Oh. no. No. I tried to
mentor someone. but...
Well. that's the
closest I've come.
Didn't she shoot
you in the face?
[laughs]
Yeah. Yeah. younger
generation. what can we do?
[Matt chuckles]
You're keeping tabs on me?
No. I'm not. I'm just... Call
it professional curiosity.
Ah. What profession
would that be?
I'm a lawyer.
Hmm. I've never been
to this place before.
I miss Becky's Diner.
Mmm. Me too.
Yeah. I don't make it to
Hell's Kitchen much these days.
Neither do I.
By the look of it. you've
come up in the world.
I could say the same about you.
[man] Hey. Fisk!
- Thank you.
- [man] Yeah!
You're a real man
of the people now.
A rich man. by his very
nature. is self-serving.
A mayor. a mayor
serves his city.
Ah.
You don't seem
entirely convinced.
[Matt] Can you blame me?
Considering you've tried to kill
me a few times over the years.
As you have.
No. No. Incarcerate. maybe.
Kill? Never.
I wonder if your darker
half would agree.
That part of my life is over.
Mmm. Well. tragedy
can transform a man.
[smacks lips] About
your friend...
I had nothing to do with his
death. I kept that promise.
Hmm.
But now. the Kingpin is back.
No. No. he's not.
My time away. I...
Well...
Let's say I followed
a road less travelled.
and at its end. I
found a new man.
The mayor of New York.
Hmm. soon.
So. answer me this.
Why is it I can't shake the feeling
that you're gaming the system?
Things are not good out there.
You can see that. can't you?
New York's what
it's always been.
With a few...
unsettling exceptions.
Hmm.
Well. I'm gonna make New
York a better future.
Why did you stop
being a vigilante?
- Vigilante is a loaded word.
- It's the parlance of our time.
My best friend was killed.
A line was crossed.
[breathes deeply]
I felt like I lost
the privilege.
And despite the good
that I was doing.
I was... causing damage.
I was told you tried to kill
Benjamin Poindexter that night.
It's hard.
It's hard to come to terms
with a violent nature.
Hating the power
that it has over us.
I was raised to
believe in grace.
That we can be touched by the divine
and transformed into a better person.
So if you say to me
that you're a new man.
I say. "Fine."
But you should know. I was also
raised to believe in retribution.
So if you step out of line.
I will be there.
This caution that you're
giving me. who's it from?
Matt Murdock or...
[chuckles softly]
You liked being on
that rooftop with Dex.
You liked how it
felt. didn't you?
Giving no quarter.
Dispensing justice.
Just stay in your
lane. I'll do the same.
I'm going to be
mayor of this town.
and when I am. I will not tolerate
people running around in silly costumes.
The rule of law will prevail.
And should you go back to
any of your old activities...
there will be consequences.
[clears throat]
Well then. it appears we really
do understand each other.
Hmm. I love a man who
rises above his nature.
Good luck with that. Murdock.
Good day. sir.
Polls are open. Early turnout
appears to be above average.
As expected. there has been
a lot of support for Roger
Cressna and Diana Montoya.
But we are seeing a surprising
strong turnout early for Wilson...
You suck as a coffee date. but
you're a pretty great dinner date.
- [chuckles]
- I can give you that.
Well. that's my secret. I
like to set the bar low.
- Oh. you set it very. very low.
- [both laugh]
[sighs]
You. uh. you tell Kirsten
we were goin' out tonight?
- I wouldn't give her the satisfaction.
- Mmm.
I'm icing her as punishment.
- Punishing your friends?
- Mm-hmm.
That seems very well-adjusted.
Mental health is knowing
exactly when and how to act out.
Trust me. I'm a professional.
53% of New Yorkers.
Wilson Fisk has been elected the
112th mayor of New York City.
He won.
Fisk won.
- How do you know?
- Uh. the TV in the bar.
- Good ears. remember?
- Wow.
I can't believe it.
If you don't mind me asking.
you seem pretty involved with
him. Is there a history there?
[chuckles]
Our paths have crossed a
few times over the years.
He's selling New York a savior.
Underneath. he's a monster.
- [man] Hell. yeah!
- [people cheering]
- I'm so sorry. I just...
- [chuckles]
- I fell. Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Sorry. [chuckles]
- You scared me. It's all good.
I'm sorry. Let's. um... Let's
get out of here. [chuckles]
[man] Yeah!
[all cheering and clapping]
[♪ slow dramatic music playing]
Thank you.
[Sheila] The media's gonna
want a statement. sir.
Thank you.
[♪ somber music playing]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[siren wailing in distance]
I know about Adam. Vanessa.
Do not kill him.
I'm not that man anymore.
Promise me.
I promise.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
My fellow citizens. tonight.
you have ushered in a new dawn.
a time of prosperity.
More importantly.
peace on the streets.
A time of hope.
- Fisk! Hell yeah!
- [all cheering]
I promise you. I will live up
to that hope as your mayor.
You can't carry the weight
of a city on your shoulders.
New York will get
by without you.
She doesn't give
a fuck. remember?
[Matt] Doesn't sound
like professional advice.
That's. um. 'cause I'm
not your therapist. Matt.
No. this is... This is not good.
- What?
- I...
I can't stand it
when Kirsten's right.
We have a long road
ahead of us. Much to do.
But I want you to know.
tonight...
and every night...
I love New York.
[♪ TV On The Radio "Staring
at the Sun" playing]
[man 1] Fisk rules!
- [man 2] Yeah! Yeah!
- [all cheering]
Yes! Yes!
♪ Cross the street from your ♪
♪ Storefront cemetery ♪
♪ Hear me hailing from inside ♪
♪ And realize I... ♪
♪ I am the conscience clear ♪
♪ In pain or ecstasy... ♪
[woman 1 screaming]
Just stop! Help!
[man] Help!
♪ Upon the same fatigue
You're staring at the sun ♪
♪ Oh. my own voice ♪
♪ Cannot save me now ♪
♪ Standing in the sea ♪
♪ One more breath and
then I'll go down ♪
♪ Your mouth is open wide
The lover is inside ♪
♪ And all the tumult's done
Collided with the sign ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun
You're standing in the sea ♪
♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ Like light. like answering ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
- ♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
- ♪ Your mouth is open wide ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're trying
hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ There's lightning
in your teeth ♪
♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ Note the trees
because the... ♪
♪ Dirt is temporary ♪
♪ More to mine than fact. face ♪
♪ Name. and monetary ♪
♪ Beat the skins and let the ♪
♪ Loose lips kiss you clean ♪
♪ Quietly pour out like light ♪
♪ Like light. like answering ♪
- ♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
- ♪ Your mouth is open wide ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're trying
hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ There's lightning
in your teeth ♪
- ♪ Your body's over me ♪
- ♪ The sun ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
- ♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
- ♪ Be what you will ♪
♪ Your mouth is open wide ♪
- ♪ You're trying hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ And then throw down your life ♪
♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ Oh. it's a damned fine game ♪
- ♪ There's lightning in your teeth ♪
- ♪ Your body's over me ♪
- ♪ And we can play all night ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun
You're standing in the sea ♪
♪ Your mouth is open wide
You're trying hard to breathe ♪
- ♪ The water's at your neck ♪
- ♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ There's lightning
in your teeth ♪
♪ Your body's over me ♪
♪ You're staring at the sun ♪
♪ You're standing in the sea ♪
[song ends]
[♪ somber music playing]
[♪ music fades]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org